## Supervisor Meeting 9
**Date:** 23rd June 2023

**Location:** Bayes Center Room 2.02

**Next meeting:** 3rd July

### Attendees:
* Dr Evgenij Belikov
* Daniil Kuznetsov

### Discussion:
* Explained the FullyConv model and its drawbacks in regards to Atari-net due to the lack of hardware GPU support on ARCHER2.
* Discussed strong scaling results and how the gathering process could be improved, as well as the future scalability studied that will be performed.
* Showed the most successful trained model yet, acheiving a reasnable score albeit still far from the Deepmind baseline.

### Previous Meeting Actions:
* Evaluate performane of the CUDA implementation on Cirrus GPU node, experiment with JIT Dynamo compilation and see if it can be used to obtain performance benefits. (Done, no consistent speedup observed or achieved)
* Begin considering the experiments that will need to be undertaken for sensible evaluation of PyTorch scalability. (Done, strong scalability test completed for syncrhonous distributed strategy for both Atari-net and FullyConv)
* Investigate the suitability of mixed precision for the CUDA implementation and its speedup benefits if any. (Postponed)

### Actions:
* Carry out strong scalability study on Cirrus with GPU nodes, both on the Atari-net and FullyConv models.
* Begin thinking about the asynchronous distributed implementation.
* Investigate the suitability of mixed precision for the CUDA implementation and its speedup benefits if any.
* Carry out extensive ARCHER2 runs in an attempt to beat the deepmind baseline.
