## Supervisor Meeting 10
**Date:** 3rd July 2023

**Location:** Bayes Center Room 2.02

**Next meeting:** 14th July

### Attendees:
* Dr Evgenij Belikov
* Daniil Kuznetsov

### Discussion:
* Discovered a flaw in the implementation of the PPO algorithm where exploration was actively discouraged instead of discouraged due to a negation of entropy loss. Fixing this allowed for the development of interesting policies to be discovered by the agent that compete with Deepmind's baselines on the FullyConv model for the DefeatZerglingsAndBanelings environment (albeit still not quite at atari-net). 
* Discussed moving forward with the experiments that will show the impact of scalability on exploration and performance of the agent.
* Addressed the need for issues to demonstrate my engagement with the project.

### Previous Meeting Actions:
* Carry out strong scalability study on Cirrus with GPU nodes, both on the Atari-net and FullyConv models. (Postponed, will be addressed this time)
* Investigate the suitability of mixed precision for the CUDA implementation and its speedup benefits if any. (Postponed)
* Carry out extensive ARCHER2 runs in an attempt to beat the deepmind baseline. (Done, achieved an average of 70 score for the DefeatZerglingsAndBanelings environment, which beats Deepmind's FullyConv net model which is 62, but not atari-net which is 81)

### Actions:
* Proceed with the scalabity studies showing the effects of exploration on the agent performance.
* Begin writing the report and documenting the results.
* Create a README for the project, allowing experiments to be ran and models evaluated.
* Finish integrating FullyConv with the latest changes and perform GPU scalability study on it, comparing it to atari-net performance and scaling.
